# Huffman Coding

For the Huffman code program, I had first thoroughly read through the
instructions. This compressing algorithm was a new concept for me, so I
wasn’t very familiar with it. I did a good amount of research on it and
read numerous blog posts and documentation on the Web.

## Class Design

In my pseudocode, I broke the program down into two different parts. the
first one is the Generate class which includes the main method, and the
second one is the Node class which implements nodes in the data
structure.

## Advanced Tools

As a "vanilla" Vim user for many years, I have realized that at this
point, as the complexity of the program gets higher and higher, I need
more advanced tools for my debugging processes. I first looked at many
IDEs and more advanced text editors such as VS Code. However, I found
none of them are perfect for my needs. Emacs was a very good
consideration, but the steep learning curve of Emacs Lisp held me back.
Maybe that’s for another day. I eventually settled with Neovim, which is
an improved version of Vim that includes LSP (Language Server Protocol)
support. I spend a lot of time reading the Neovim documentation and
setting up the LSP in my Neovim. Likewise, I also used a variety of
plugins along with Neovim to add powerful debugging tools such as
breakpoints in my Neovim.

---

With many powerful tools, I was able to avoid many runtime errors right
away. The nodes were hard to incorporate at first, but it ran like any
other list. If not, it allowed the program to run more easily/smoothly.
Overall, this program was very difficult, but there were hacks that
allowed the program to come together just fine.
